README.md, before:

# techdegree-project-3-nayonna-purnell
Interactive Form

# Project 3 - Interactive Form

In this project, we will use the technique known as "pagination" to enhance the usability of a web page.  We will start with a page that contains a list of 54 student names, photos and email addresses. We will display 10 names at a time, and add a navigation system -- a series of links at the bottom of the page -- to let users click through the other student entries, 10 at a time.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. 

### Prerequisites

Things needed to install the software and how to install them

```
You are provided with several starter files:
```
```
An index.html file contains the initial HTML markup.
```
```
One CSS file, style.css inside the css folder.
```
```
A script.js file in the js folder.
```

## Built With
* HTML
* CSS
* JavaScript


## Authors
* **Nayonna Purnell**


## Acknowledgments
* Shout out and hat tip to https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/109311bb0361f32d87a2 for this awesome Markup Template and the reviewer from Project 1 for sharing this resource.
* **Billie Thompson** - *Initial work* - [PurpleBooth](https://github.com/PurpleBooth)

Commit message:

Updated the Read.me with the correct details

README.md, after:

# techdegree-project-3-nayonna-purnell
Interactive Form

# Project 3 - Interactive Form

In this project, we will use JavaScript to enhance an interactive registration form for a fictional conference called "FullStack Conf."

Using the supplied HTML and CSS files, we will add your own JavaScript to make the form more user-friendly by:

adding customized and conditional behavior and interactivity
validating user input and providing helpful error messages when the user enters invalid information into the form fields.
After completing this project, we will have a solid foundational knowledge of using and customizing forms in your projects. This is tremendously valuable since forms are a major aspect of most web sites and web applications, which makes this project a key addition to your portfolio, and a crucial step on your journey to becoming a professional full stack web developer.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. 

### Prerequisites

Things needed to install the software and how to install them

```
You are provided with several starter files:
```
```
An index.html file contains the initial HTML markup.
```
```
One CSS file, style.css inside the css folder.
```
```
A script.js file in the js folder.
```

## Built With
* HTML
* CSS
* JavaScript


## Authors
* **Nayonna Purnell**


## Acknowledgments
* Shout out and hat tip to https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/109311bb0361f32d87a2 for this awesome Markup Template and the reviewer from Project 1 for sharing this resource.
* **Billie Thompson** - *Initial work* - [PurpleBooth](https://github.com/PurpleBooth)
